Walk to the bus stop at Forbes and Murray.
Take the 61A until the last stop.
After you get off the stop, turn left and walk down Craig St for 2 blocks.
Go to the bus stop at the corner of the intersection.
Take the 28X to Forbes and Atwood.
Walk in the same direction as the bus for 1 block.
Turn left at the football field.
Walk for 14 minutes to the bus stop on Wilkins and Beechwood.
Take the 67 and get off the University.
Walk for 1 more block and turn right at the Starbucks.
Go east on Forbes towards Murray.
Turn right and drive for 1.6 kilometers and turn left on Murray.
Drive for 700 meters until you reach Wilkins Avenue.
Drive south on Cassiar for 3 blocks and turn left on Broadway.
After 3 kilometers, turn right on Commercial Drive.
Turn right on El Camino Real.
After 5 kilometers, turn right on Castro St.
Drive for 3 blocks and turn left.
Walk 2 blocks east on Forbes Avenue, towards Murray.
Turn right and walk for 3 blocks until you arrive at the church.
Turn left and walk for 5 minutes until you see the park on your left.
Walk east for 10 minutes on University Boulevard.
Turn right on Allison Road, right after the McDonalds.
Turn right on El Camino Real.
After 5 blocks, turn right on Castro St.
Walk for 3 blocks and turn left at the pub.
Walk east from your starting location towards the bus stop at Forbes and Murray. You will walk 3 blocks and the stop will be in front of a large brown church.
Take the 61A until the final stop, which will be at Forbes and Craig. It will take approximately 20 minutes and 13 stops.
After you get off the stop, turn right at the Starbucks and walk down Craig St for 2 blocks.
Go to the bus stop at the corner of the intersection. The stop will be in front of a barbershop.
Take the 28X to Forbes and Atwood. You will travel 8 stops and it will take 15 minutes.
Walk in the same direction as the bus for 1 block. You will pass a school on your right.
Cross the street at the football field and immediately turn left.
Walk east for 14 minutes to the bus stop on Wilkins and Beechwood. The bus stop will be in front of a large red house.
Take the 67 and get off the University. It will take about 25 minutes and 16 stops.
Walk for 1 more block towards the tall brown building and turn right at the Starbucks.
Drive east (towards the tall brown building) on Forbes towards Murray.
Turn right at the Starbucks and drive for 1.6 kilometers. Once you see a brown church, turn left on Murray.
Drive for 700 meters until you reach Wilkins Avenue. It will be the first traffic light you see.
Your destination will be on the right just after the fire station.
Drive south on Cassiar towards the school. After 3 blocks, turn left on Broadway.
After 3 kilometers, turn right on Commercial Drive at the subway station.
Turn right at the subway station onto El Camino Real.
After 5 kilometers, you will see another subway station. Turn right onto Castro St, which is a one-way street.
Drive for 3 blocks and turn left just after you pass a park.
Walk 2 blocks east on Forbes Avenue towards Murray. You will pass a fire station on your left.
Turn right and walk for 3 blocks until you arrive at the tall brown church. Cross the street after arriving at the church.
Turn left and walk for 5 minutes. You will pass a school on your right. Keep going until you see the park on your left.
Walk east (away from the school) for 10 minutes on University Boulevard. You will pass a library.
Turn right on Allison Road, right after the McDonalds. You should see a park on your right.
Turn right on El Camino Real and walk towards the Target.
Walk for 5 blocks, turn right onto Castro St right after you pass a library.
Walk for 3 blocks and turn left at the Irish pub. You will pass several restaurants.
After one more block, your destination will be on the right.
Your destination will be on the right.
Your destination will be on the left.
After 3 blocks, your destination will be on the left opposite the park.
Drive for 3 blocks. You will pass a hospital on your right. Your destination will be on the left opposite the park.
Walk one block. You will pass a Chipotle on your left. Your destination will be on the right beside a red brick restaurant.
Your destination will be on the right and you should see a McDonalds beside it.
After you pass the Chinese Restaurant (green brick building), your destination will be on the left just before the crosswalk.
Your destination will be on the left opposite a bar.
Turn left after the park and your destination will be on the left.
Your destination will be on the left.
Your destination will be on the right besides the Starbucks.
Turn left after the park and your destination will be on the left next to the grey apartment building.
Your destination will be on the left besides the ice cream store.